I'll see who dares to move
General Zhengguo
Why is he here?
General Qi
The Communist Party of the Wei Dynasty had nothing to do with the war achievements of the dynasty
Neng and Wang Pingzong
Power is not above the three palaces
Amazing
Oh, it is.
Jin Zining, you are finally here.
Junior Sister
Junior sister, take out the elf
Sure enough, you are our little junior sister
What are you saying?
I don't know what you mean.
Junior sister, stay here
Let's see how the three of us senior brothers vent our anger for you
Yes, I bullied you today
We'll pack it up for you one by one.
vent
His Royal Highness
General Qi, you can
Don't you understand what it means?
Sunning
She is the junior sister of our three brothers
From now on
he
We are full.
His Royal Highness
I am the Duke of Jin
Take my father and brother to make great contributions to the court
today
Are you really going to do it for this unknown folk girl?
Do you disregard the face of my Jinguo Gongfu?
At our junior sister's place
What is the Duke of Jin?